RSDK-7086 - Add Android Build (#15)
erh/viamrtsp: README.md

Build
===

The binary is statically linked with [FFmpeg v6.1](https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFmpeg/tree/release/6.1), eliminating the need for separate FFmpeg installation on target machines.

> The Makefile supports building for the following targets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support building this module using the Makefile for the following targets:
```

## Build for local development

The binary is statically linked with [FFmpeg v6.1](https://github.com/FFmpeg/FFmpeg/tree/release/6.1), eliminating the need to install FFmpeg separately on target machines.

We support building this module using the Makefile for the following targets:
|        | Linux | Android  | Darwin |
|--------|-------|----------|--------|
| arm64  | ✅    | ✅       | ✅     |

> | amd64  | ✅    | ❌       | ✅     |

Reviewer 2: Have you confirmed that `amd64` `Darwin` actually works end to end? If not, maybe mark it as unknown / untested.

Author: Have not confirmed Darwin/amd64 - narked ❌ since it is untested.

Reviewer 2: I think there is still some missing documentation here.

This table is currently only describes the targets. It does not describe the souces.

A user can provide `TARGET_OS` `TARGET_ARCH` and implicitly provide `SOURCE_OS` and `SOURCE_ARCH`. If I run `TARGET_OS=linux TARGET_ARCH=arm64 make` on a `Linux` `amd64` source I get go build errors (aka the make file doesn't tell me I'm doing something unsupported). I think we should document what are the supported & unsupported combos of `TARGET_OS`, `TARGET_ARCH`, `SOURCE_OS` and `SOURCE_ARCH`. 

Can you make the same `TARGET_OS`X`TARGET_ARCH` table for each supported `SOURCE_OS` X `SOURCE_ARCH` we intend to support building from?
